there are many texture in the threejs like metalness , roughness , etc
Those textures (especially themetalness and the roughness) follows the PBR principle.
. physically based rendering
. many technics that tends to follow real-life directions to get realistic results.
. becoming the standard for realistic renders.
. many software ,  engines and libraries are using it.
if we look at the cube's top face while this face is almost hidden we will see a blurry texture.
That is do to the filtering and the mapping.
 . Mipmapping is a technique that consits of creating half a smaller version of a texture again again until we get a 1x1 texture.
 . All those texture variation are sent to the gpu and the gpu will choose the most appropriate version of the texture.
 . All of this is already handled by thrre.js and the gpu but we can choose different algorithms
 There are two algorithms
  . MinficationFilter : happens when the pixels of texture are smaller than the pixels of the render . in other word the texture is too big for the surface it covers.
  . MagFicationFilter : 


----------------------Important point to be noted--------------------------------

the users will have to download the textures choose the right type of file.
 . jpg - lossy compression but usually lighter.
 . png - lossless compression but usually heavier.
You can use compression websites and software like TinyPNG.

sizes - Each pixels of the texture will have to be stored on the gpu regardless of the image weight.
GPU has storage limitation , It's even worse because mipmapping inc the numbers of pixels to store { try to reduce the sizes of your images as much as possible }

Mipmapping will produces a half smaller version of the texture repeatedly until 1x1
beacuse of that the texture width and height must be a power of 2
 . 512x512
 . 1024x1024
 . 512x2048

Texture support transparecy but we can't have transperancy in .jpg . If we want to have only one texture that combine color and alpha we better use .png file.

If we using a normal texture we want to have the exact values which is why we shouldn't apply lossy compression and we better use .png for thoose.
sometime we can comn=bine different data into one texture by using the red green blue and alpha channel sseparatly.
The difficulty is to find the rigth combination of texture formate and resolutions.
Where to find texture ????? --->  It's always hard to find the perfect texture a good start would br to search on the web {
    . poliigon.com
    . 3dtextures.com
    . arroway-textures.ch
}